slackdeps

Usage: slackdeps [options] <package_filename>

slackdeps is used to test a .t{gz,bz,lz,xz} package to see if your Slackware system has the required dependencies. slackdeps may also be able to install any required packages. Any required packages or libraries missing from your system will be listed when the test completes. slackdeps can be used like this:
    slackdeps -i n /path/to/gimp-2.6.11-x86_64-1.txz
    
options:    -i, --install-available y|n (Install available required packages,
                                         prompts user if not set)
            -m, --multilib y|n          (Sets multilib to y or n,
                                         Auto-determined if not set)
            -v, --version               (Prints script version)
            -h, --help                  (Prints this message)
            -c, --current-working-dir   (Test cwd instead of a package)
            -s, --slack-required        (Write required packages to 
            	                         'install/slack-required'
            	                         Must be used with -c option)

slackdeps is an experimental script, it is currently in testing, some bugs are to be expected. The current version of this script is 20120706, once more testing has taken place and I am happy with the scripts performance I'll change the version from a date format to a proper versioning system. If you experience any unexpected behaviour or have feedback of any kind please don't hesitate to contact the author/maintaner of this script.

Note: slackdeps is in no way affiliated with or supported by Slackware Linux, please don't bother the Slackware team with your enquiries. 

Requirements: Slackpkg gets used to identify any required libraries (if they belong to offical slackware packages) and also used to retrieve any required packages that are a part of the slackware main tree. To obtain full functionality of this script you must have slackpkg installed on your system. How-ever the script still has basic functionality without slackpkg. 

TODO: Script dependency support (perl, python, javascript etc)
	  Accurate Version comparsion
	  Custom Package blacklists
	  3rd party mirror support (slapt-get?)
	  
Changes in version 20120704 (xocel)
 * Added -m & --multilib options to set multilib to y or n.
   If unset the value will be automatically determined, set to y if
   testing a 32bit package on a 64bit system. Otherwise set to n. 
 * Added Multilib support. Now when testing 32bit packages on 64bit
   system compat32 packages will be listed as requirements instead of
   the stock x86_64 packages.

Changes in version 20120706 (xocel)
 * Added better slack-required read support.
 * Added the option -c or --current-working-dir allowing
   the script to test the cwd instead of a package, useful for
   downloaded binaries, or running before makepkg with the -s 
   option
 * Re added the slack-required write feature this can be used to create
   the 'install/slack-required' file by using -s or --slack-required in 
   conjunction with the -c option of course.
   e.g "slackdeps -c -s" from the packages root directory.
	  
Luke Williams
xocel@iquidus.org 

